Deprecate calculate_basequality (#151)
BfArM-MVH/GRZ_QC_Workflow: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Ignore non-QCed library types in submission metadata (e.g. RNA) [#149](https://github.com/BfArM-MVH/GRZ_QC_Workflow/pull/149)

> - calculate_basequality module is depreciated as it was not working for big files. FASTP json input is not mandatory for aligned file analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `calculate_basequality` module is deprecated as it was not performant for big files. fastp JSON input is not mandatory for aligned file input.
```

Reviewer: Also note the new sambamba skip parameter and that markdup alignment files are no longer published
